Enable Serbian locale on addons-frontend, update doc (#14242)
mozilla/addons-frontend: docs/i18n.md

## Adding a new language/locale

Locales are defined in two parts.

1. Entirely new locales are added via [`src/amo/languages.js`](https://github.com/mozilla/addons-frontend/blob/master/src/amo/languages.js).

> 2. Enabled locales are defined separately. See [`config/default.js`](https://bit.ly/1XScjwq) and look for the `langs` list.

Reviewer: Let's remove the `bit.ly` link while we're at it

```suggestion
2. Enabled locales are defined separately. See [`config/default.js`](https://github.com/mozilla/addons-frontend/blob/master/config/default.js) and look for the `langs` list.
```
